Please subscribe to my channel!
The first performance of the new song,
which will be released on the 24th, will
be held at the Tokyo Ghibli Studios in
Tokyo.
Please say hello.
1,2,3,4,5,6
We are TOKIMEKI SEIZANNE.
Thank you.
Where is the monitor?
Here it is!
It's huge!
It's really huge!
I see.
It's hot!
Wow!
Good morning!
Is it there?
Yes, it is.
I see.
It's not there, so...
It's here.
It was stuck in here!
We've been doing free live shows since
we were kids, like Mystery 5.
We've been doing small shows in various
places.
But this time, we're doing a big show
at a big venue 3 years ago.
It's like a big summer event for the
special forces.
It's like a special forces festival.
I feel sad that we're doing the final
show.
The typhoon was approaching this time,
but it was a beautiful spring weather
forecast.
But the sun came out, so I feel like
the weather is cheering us on.
Plains side is different from
yesterday...
I'm sure MBC and the SPR will win this
year's Matsuri Final...
I feel like I'm in a different place.
We want to thank everyone who came to
see us.
We will do our best to make everyone
smile and happy.
Bambi is a sunny girl, but she has a
rain girl-ness.
She always makes it rain when it's
important.
I'm glad that today is the last day of
the festival.
It's been raining a lot on the
important day.
I made this day special.
I will do my best.
I feel that it is a miracle that we can
perform because of this typhoon.
If we can't do it, we can't show our
performance to everyone.
I didn't want to end the final without
that feeling.
I'm so happy that the weather is so
nice and I can deliver the things I've
done with the members and rehearsals to
the promoters.
It's sunny and the typhoon is over, so
I'll do my best to deliver the things
I've done to the promoters.
so I want people to see a live which
our all you can do.
Good luck, thank you!
Let's do répétition!
Thanks Loop-kan
Thank you for watching! Please
subscribe to our channel!
Hoh oh oh!!
Good night!
I'm sweating because of the wind.
I think this concert is a concert that
connects fans and members.
connects everyone.
I think this concert is a concert that
connects fans and members.
It's been a long time since I've been
to a live show.
I've been getting more and more tired
every year.
It was an annual event.
I'm so sad that this is the final.
I'm not happy to be over.
But today...
I'm sad, but I'll do my best and enjoy
it!
Bury You
We have a lot of songs that are hot and
exciting.
So in the second half, it's like a
tatami mat.
We will do music from the latter part.
I enjoy big activities and instead
different people's share shows feel more
fun.
The
I singing songs
We have got some hot songs.
but this is an event too.
I think you'll like it.
We're cute and hot, but we're cool.
I think you can see a lot of different
sides of me.
I want everyone to know about us.
H Ferm underwear
Underwear
F
KUSAGAWA Cherry Bullet
lipsbin
Thank you for watching! Please
subscribe to our channel!
One. Two. Three. Four
Dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty
dirty
Dirty Dirty Dirty, Dirty dirty dirty
Irish lady
T2, you're record is not good
Wait and see
Irish lady
T2, you're record is not good
I heard that they held a Bicchori
festival in summer.
I was surprised.
It is a big event in summer.
I have never seen a group that holds a
festival in a public water park.
I was very excited.
It is a big event that is like a summer
festival.
I feel like I am at a summer pool
gosh I'm all wet
You must need to figure drum drums
accents to near the goal.
Everyone is so excited.
It's crazy.
We wave our hands to the audience with
a smile, but everyone is so excited.
I don't know what kind of performance
it is.
But the camera is crazy.
It's crazy.
Please keep it.
I'm wearing a filter.
It's hot.
I'm not wearing makeup now, so I can
wipe my face.
It doesn't change even if you wear
makeup.
I'm going to wipe my face.
It's easier to sing if you take off
your clothes.
You're fast.
You're the fastest.
You did it.
What was it? Catering?
Is it the first time?
You did it.
I did it.
Improving the finest set up
F Amanda as Liv
Boring BMW
Ready.
and....
Thank you for watching.
Is it recording?
Hi Cheese
It's big
OK?
Thank you
Hi Cheese
Cheese
See you later, Cheese
Oh my god, you're so good at it.
Thank you, Pabellin.
You can hide it.
I learned it.
You're serious, aren't you?
Pabellin was caught.
Thank you for watching.
Isn't this song called espresso?
In the dry season, the body-milk that
Af Living used to coffee could taste
good,
which fits the style of Arizona.
It's called pipes, and they also make
us your pom-pom.
For the pipes, a basket, moisture, etc,
pouring tea, milk, milk tea,
water,ительно,
Hello.
Water.
She was splashing water.
Please subscribe to my channel.
I'm so happy.
Hello.
You are so cute.
I'm so happy.
I'm sure I'll know
I want to make it possible for us to do
what we want to do as a group
I want to make this beautiful scenery
even more beautiful
I want to create the best stage for the
six of us
I want to make even better performances
I believe that if we have members,
staff, and PR staff
we can definitely make it happen
Thank you for always supporting us
Dash dash dash let's chase our dreams
Dash dash dash never wake up from this
dream
I can make it happen if I'm with you, I
can be your breaky
In a world we don't know yet
So that it can reach you, so that it
can grab you
Raise your hands high
I'm not alone
Oh oh
This song is for you
Goin' Goin'
Let's go forward with our voices out
High hopes
If you're feeling down, just let me
know
Please subscribe to our channel and
follow us on Twitter
I'm nervous.
It's the final. Let's have fun.
Please subscribe to my channel!
I'm sure I'll keep moving on.
I'll keep looking for it again.
I don't think there's anything I want.
I'm going to choose the best.
I don't know the right answer.
I don't care. I'll keep walking.